my AP Computer Science - Create Performance Task work to submit to college board, this will have multiple contributors but the general idea was from me.

the official DOC that explains everything, anything above is my thought process
[the PDF file](https://apcentral.collegeboard.org/media/pdf/ap-csp-student-task-directions.pdf)

Explanation

page 1 - cover



page 2 - empty



page 3 - talking rules
you can be with a partner - I don't know if it should be in the same class or if it's allowed with people outside of this class.

Final program code - created independently or collaboratively
A video showing the code running, and demonstrates the functionality that I developed "ME MYSELF AND I"

Code from my project "hopefully with others"



page 4 - submission requirements
Submit a pdf file that contains all of my program's code "includes comments". 

- this can include credit as in
/**
Author - name
blah blah blah
**/

code must contain
- the user's input
- a device "computer"
- an online data steam "as in sending information over the internet ???"
- a file - well the code

- at least use one list "or collection type" to represent a collection of data that is stored and used to manage program complexity and helps with the code requirements

note - this can either make the program easier or harder to code.

- at least one procedure "function in this case" that helps the program reach the goal
- show the name "defined"
- the return type if necessary "always in C++, optional in python"
- at least ONE parameter, there can be more than one

note - using built in functions/methods aren't concidered your own

- an algorithm that includes sequencing "list stuff", selection "if statements", and iteration "for/while loops"
- calls to your student-developed procedure "the algorithm should use your function"
- instructions for output - as in you input something, you get out something "trash in, trash out"



page 5 - video requirements

- submit a video that shows your script running, collaboration isn't allowed on your video "no multiple people in the same video"
- show an input of your program.
- show at least one aspect of your program/code "possibly the part you coded"
- an output from your program after the input

VIDEO MUST NOT CONTAIN
- video about yourself "no name, address, ssn"
- don't use narration to hide your voice.

VIDEO MUST BE
- either a .webm, .mp4, .wmv, .avi, or .mov
- less than a minute long
- less than 30MB

page 6 - personalized project
- submit code as prompted
- screen recording must NOT be blurry and the font size must be size 10 or higher "big"
- code must NOT include comments at ALL. only in submission

- you will submit 2 parts of your code that I've developed that follows the requirements above

note - any built-in or existing code are not concidered student-made

first example should be
- the function's name, and optionally the return type
- contains and uses one or more parameters that effect the output of the function.
- implements an algorithm that includes sequencing "list stuff", selection "if statements", and iteration "for/while loops"

second example should show
- where the first example is called at.

page 7 - list
paste in two code examples that you developed "me" that helps with complexity on the program

first example shows how data is stored in a list

second example shows the list being used to input and take out data constantly. or getting mutliple values from the list, to be used in the program's purpose.

page 8/13 - terms and conditions

this is the main one, the rest is optional but ima just use chatgpt to shorten it down for me

no plagiarism, code, media (video, images, sound), data, information, or made by someone else or generated by AI is plagiarism.

what is accepted for AI
this can be used ONLY to learn about what something does, assisting "as in github copilot", used for debugging.

warning - AI is not perfect and can lead to bad results. i.e - garbage in, garbage out

